Readme reorganized (#175)
ergoplatform/ergo-appkit: README.md

> ## Appkit: SDK for Ergo Platform dApps, wallet applications, API clients 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Appkit: SDK for writing applications interacting with Ergo blockchain
```

> ![Maven Central](http://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.ergoplatform%20/ergo-appkit_2.12/badge.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Maven Central](http://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.ergoplatform%20/ergo-appkit_2.12/badge.svg)
[![CI](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Publish a release](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/actions/workflows/release.yml)
```

responsive command line utility applications such as
[ergo-tool](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-tool).

### Setup

#### Maven

Appkit is **Java/Scala** library which is cross compiled by both Scala 2.11 and Scala 2.12
compilers. As a result it can run on JVMv7/[Android](https://github.com/aslesarenko/ergo-android) 
(when it is built with Scala 2.11) and JVMv8 and above (when it is built with Scala 2.12).

Appkit is released on [Maven Central](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.ergoplatform/ergo-appkit) 
and you can add it to your project with SBT, Maven or Gradle:

Maven: 

    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.ergoplatform</groupId>
        <artifactId>ergo-appkit_2.12</artifactId>
        <version>4.0.9</version>
    </dependency>

Gradle:

     implementation 'org.ergoplatform:ergo-appkit_2.12:4.0.9'

(other examples on the Maven Central page).

As an alternative, you can download the jar file from the 

> [releases page](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/releases) and add it to your project manually.

Reviewer: Jar files are not created for releases.

Author: Oh yes they are! https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/blob/315c6d36955756e0f78da63e214a12d4221568b2/.github/workflows/release.yml#L46 - stored on the action, I copy them manually to the releases page each time. Could be done from the action as well.

Reviewer: I looked at the releases, no jars, so maybe first setup auto-attachment of jars?

Author: [This release](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/releases/tag/v4.0.9) has the jar attached, but I can add a change to automatically add it from the action here as well.
